 Hello. Very nice to meet you. And what is your name, please? I'm Richard Goodall. I'm from Teraho, Indiana. And Richard, how old are you? I'm 55. And what do you do for a living? I've been a janitor for 23 years. The kids call me Mr. Richard. Okay. So tell me what the big dream is, please. My big dream? I like to sing. I love to sing. So. Okay. Does everyone know you've come out today to audition? Just my close-knit friends and my fiance Angie. Oh. Is she here with you today? No. So she's the one you're going to call after the audition, yeah? Yes, immediately. Okay. All right. And the song you've chosen today, tell me why you chose it? Well, the song speaks for itself, so. Okay. All right. I'm not going to ask any more questions. Let's do it. Good luck. Ooh. Are you a bit nervous? Yeah. I'm so very, Richard. This has been a long time coming. Oh, bless you. Let's go, Richard! Shake off those nerves. We're here. We're reaching for you, Richard. Good luck. I hope you're good. I really do. I'm going to sing a song for you. I'm going to sing a song for you. I'm going to sing a song for you. I'm going to sing a song for you. I'm going to sing a song for you. GUSCITOOOOO Oh! GUSCITО囉. Oh! ohhhh. Oh. Oh. suns... I'm going now! CECELLO! YES R virtue! Rиз here!apa! Sugar And sugar And sugar.好, make it. Sugar And sugar And sugar And sugar And sugar And sugar. Sugar And sugar And sugar And sugar And sugar And sugar And sugar. Sugar and sugar And sugar And sugar And sugar And sugar And sugar And sugar And sugar And sugar. Sugar and a numsper G. It's got a lot of the tip of you Well a smile that can share with a knife It goes on and on and on and on Strangest where to Wrapping down the fall of all those shadows So chillin' tonight Street lights people Living just a bad emotion Hutted somewhere in the night Don't stop believing Hold on to that feeling Street lights people Just a believer Hold on to that feeling Street lights people Hutted somewhere in the night Don't stop believing Hutted somewhere in the night Don't stop believing Street lights people You are my hero Because that was special I think America is gonna love you I mean that was spectacular, that was fun This was an amazing surprise I think you were perfect to come to a YouTube You were a great night Thank you, man, you're beautiful You and maybe because you've been doing it for 23 years But you just cleaned up You know, I would imagine every kid that has ever been in a school with you It's just screaming I just think you're amazing We love you Richard Richard, Richard, Richard You knocked me off my feet I mean, we all had the best time with you up there on that stage I really, really feel something when I see you up there and hear you up there And now, this is what I'm gonna do for you Because I love you I'm here, I'm here, I'm here So I used to be of magic I forgot, I'm sun and hot Top can make you blind But I see you now As we're learning everything this Did I wait too long to turn the light It's been a long time You're gonna be better It's amazing I can't wait to see what you're gonna sing today Here, stuck on a hill Outside was inside the home that we built The cold settles in It's been a long way Even during the day I think we should call you a fiancé Shall we call her? Go to California Oh my gosh, you guys I've never even been on a plane This was not on my radar to come to California It's just a dream come true Happy Ok Give it up one more time for Richard Goodall This is me here, Richard Goodall Wooo I got the gold boat You said I knew it, I knew I'd sing it Thousand pages, thousand credits And this is for you, little keepsake From your golden banner Thank you I think they're ok If they don't give me proper credit I just want to play again They can beg and beg Can't leave my beg and see the light Cause the boy with the gold light can't do Oh, baby, it's misty It's been a long time The feeling is a material world Not a normal material girl Oh yeah It's a material material It's a material It's been a material world It's a thing that's a material world No more material No more material Everybody's living in a material world And I am a material girl You know that we are living in a material world And I am a material girl Living in a material world You know that we are living in a material world I am a material girl You're very very good and your quick change was beautiful. I mean it was really amazing. Thank you so much You did it very uniquely the mixture of magic and your performance made it so much more special you're the best quick change artist We have ever seen yes, thank you Professional it was entertaining We love you tonight. I want to see more Yes Sometimes when we have these acts you have a lady who does the quick change and then normally an annoying guy who does nothing And the fact that you on your own and did it for me made it just so much better It was so slick and you've got two minutes to crab that in that was amazing Thank you so much All right, let's go Obviously yes Third yes And I'm going to give you I Love the mixture of magic and quick change Welcome to America's Got Talent. Thank you. And who do we have here? What is your name? My name is Arshia Sharma. That's a beautiful name and where are you from? I am from Jamu Kashmir in India This is your first trip to America. I have never been to America or any other country except India So how was it for you flying to sit in that airplane for so long? Are you scared in the airplane or no? I'm not scared, but I was so tired sitting all the time Tell us how old you are I am 13 years old 13 years old all alone on the biggest stage in the world So what are you going to do faster? So I am a dancer, but I don't want to be like others. I want to be different So I try doing gymnastics and added some flexibility moves into my dance to be different Okay, good to be different Are you nervous? Yes Because America's Got Talent's a big thing so I can't keep it in my stomach so I'm so excited Well, it said your dance is different. We love different around here So we're very excited to see what you've got. I'll just need some seconds to prepare some things So I'll ride back Can she eat some for pair? You can't just dance like that. That's how I am I think there's going to be an outfit or something And maybe an outfit you're right, yes Yeah, maybe a traditional beautiful outfit Oh Two We are I You When you said you were gonna leave to change I thought you were gonna come back with a pretty dress You know I have two daughters and two granddaughters and this is the scariest most horrific dance recital I have ever been to Thank you so much. I feel like you one of the best contortionists we've ever seen Also when you did certain moves it made those This back flip you did and you landed on your chest No We should say to little girls watching this don't do this in your own home without a lot of training ever Mom, can you do this? I Mean I wonder sometimes when you're in the middle of it is like there's no way she's gonna be able to detangle But you did every time and got into a worse position after Yeah, I thought yeah, you know you're gonna come back and do like a Disney routine or something because you were so sweet Well then you come back as Linda Blair It was just so unexpected and frightening and brilliant at the same time and That's what you've got to do with your true or three minutes you have You ones gonna be talking about you tomorrow trust me The Chihuahua turned into a werewolf and we love you for yeses Oh I think that was bloody amazing She was very good everything about it down there to make up All of it saw that coming and I want to give you a shock again in the next I bet you will because you are shocking now Hello my friends You're having a very nice conversation earlier and you have the coolest first name I bet I think I've ever heard tell us your name It's working. Come on. It's working. Come on. What's your name? Besides white hair and precise How how do you? I'm five years old That's incredible and where where do you live? So choppy Florida. Okay Now I've got a very important question for you. What would you do with the million dollars if you want? I was I was sharing with poor people at home with people in Everybody this whole well Very sweet with a little bit left over what would you buy yourself? I would buy 200 bags of slime as squishy toys 200 I love how you can make it fart in your hands the slime. Yes, man. Yeah You are so sweet now how many years you've been learning to play the drums This I was one and two and three what no you know my son also plays the drums I think being a drummer is the coolest thing in the world. Yeah, no more questions You just have the best time of your life, okay? Thank you I saw backstage stretching Bless it is sitting or standing. I can't tell I just got on I Oh Yes I Have how did I feel that feel good? Yes, I'm in how we let me go to you first. Were you standing or sitting? Standing no Do you feel like you did good? Yes, sir. No, you did great. Thank you. Yeah I have to say you're better than most adults that are trying to do this young man I can't believe you only five years old. I want to know do you train every day to be that good? Yes, now well it shows because you're very very good It's good I love that I can tell that you're enjoying it and you're so good at it and you're so handsome also Thank you Howie when you say he was great. I am gonna disagree Because I think he was brilliant Yeah Genuinely Your timing was Unbelievable your showmanship was unbelievable and you're doing something most importantly I can tell you love And you know what being a great drummer Means you are the coolest person on the planet right now You know that I think I know where this is gonna go howie. Yes, Heidi Okay Oh The door boy Okay, let's looking for tea in daily life in the world looking for tea. Okay the first morning Morning tea morning tea. Okay, let's go morning tea Hey wake up Wake up. You wake up. Hey egg up. Okay morning. Hey wake up wake up morning. Yeah, yeah How the Basteball According to e school report Please SLNT! Oh. Perfect. You have got any more. Anymore T. Do it! Six. Oh Nice to see Okay, let's go shopping shopping shopping. Okay May I help you? Oh, can I try this all? Okay, come on. I'm fitting long. Thank you. What size? Small size please No, Roger size, Roger size, Roger size, right? Yeah Mmm That's OK Titanic Titanic Come on rose Trust me Oh, gross, grossy eyes. Oh, grossy eyes, okay. So, you, okay, grossy eyes, okay? Trust me. Trust me, oh, parallel to you. Hey! Out of the way! Hey! The T-T-T! T-T-T! T-T-T! T-T-T-T! T-T-T-T! T-T-T-T! T-T-T-T-T! Hey! T-T-T-T! T-T-T-T-T-T! T-T-T-T-T! T-T-T-T-T! T-T-T-T-T-T! T-T-T-T-T! T-T-T-T-T! T-T-T-T-T-T-T! T-T-T-T-T-T! T-T-T-T-T! T-T-T-T-T-T! Oh, oh! We could do this all night! We're on T! T-T-T! T-T-T! T-T-T-T! Time, time, time, time. Take a time. Time. You guys were terrific. You know what that word starts with? T-T-T-T-T! T-T-T-T! What did you think, Heidi? Sometimes I think I've lost my mind sitting here. I don't know what's happening. Would you like to buy a vowel? Yes. Okay. I thought it was the perfect addition. I love it. I have fun. I think you guys have the best personality. You are like comedians. You made our night. Simon? What? I'm just sitting here thinking... What's going on? What do I say? And then halfway through, I got it. You two are hilarious. T-T-T! Really? I'm not kidding. Somebody should make a movie. The T-T-T brothers. The T-T brothers. The T-T brothers. Oh, the T-T brothers. The T-T brothers. The T-T brothers. I think that you're original. I think that you're surprising. I start with the S. And then Heidi said... T-T! And then Satya said... T-T-T! And then Simon said... That's more like... Yes, yes. T-T-T! T-T-T! T-T-T! T-T-T! T-T-T! T-T-T! T-T-T! T-T-T! T-T-T! T-T-T! T-T-T! T-T-T! T-T-T! T-T-T! T-T-T! T-T brothers! T-T brothers! T-T-T! T-T-T! T-T! What's happening to you, Awe? T-T! One digit number. Yeah. Seven. Seven. And can you give me another one digit number? Nine. Seven and nine. So I slide. Wait. You got it, buddy. Seven times nine. Is it good to... To speak to me. Yes! Wow! That is right by the way, Super Bear. Wow! Wow! Oh, he's happy. He's so happy. Heidi. Yes. Hi. Hi! Can you please give us a two digit number? 44. 44. Okay. And Sophia. Hi, Sophia. Hello! She's that way. Can you please give us another two digit number? 13. Okay. It was a good one, huh? 44. 44. 13. Yeah. 44. Three. Is it 44? No. No. Uh-oh. Oh, he had a cross in Simon. Oh. Don't make a big mistake. Don't make a big mistake. Don't make a big mistake. Don't make a big mistake. So what's going on? What's going on? 44. 13. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Don't you have it, buddy? We see Simon. Wow. This is incredible. All right. Simon. Yes. Can you please give us a two digit number? Pleasure. Hello. Um, I'm going to go with 79. And can you give us a one digit number as well? A one digit, yeah. Okay. Seven. Seven. One, nine. Seven. There you go. No way. One time seven. Good for you, three. Oh. Good for you. Good for you. Good for you. Good for you. Good for you. Good for you. Good for you. Nine times seven equals the three. Seven times seven equals the four. Four, nine. Four, nine. Four, seven. We get to see the process. You're doing it. You're doing it. It's okay. Go ahead, mama. My process is complete. She's not even using her fingers. The night's so cool. The night's so cool. It's so pretty to me. I can't hear that. And I'm 55 years old. I think he's 21. Y'all, he's 21 years old and he was young. What do you say? Elesk' onset is auntie dinner. That's it. Hyun homie dinner. Everyone is good. I have her go to my room. Full of memories. It's family dinner. I've mini picqueies. Off chez BaOMO. Remember this troupe when you came here to a match? You look alike. Almost generation, almost generationed. Yeah, and you look really out of hand, The light is getting stronger. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Kevin, if we give you a million dollars, what are you going to do with it? I'll go figure it out. Do the math. It's one of the most fascinating things I have watched on HIT. Thank you for coming, David. Oh, it's so polite. Kevin, would you help me negotiate my next deal? Good. This is the youngest person we've ever, ever had. And I'd like to be number one to say yes. Oh, yes. I'm going to be number three. Yes. And I'm going to be your fourth. Yes. Everyone gave you a yes. Thank you guys. Thank you for coming. What a sweet kid. What a great dad as well. That's amazing. He's going to do some amazing stuff. I have a feeling. That is a genius. I now feel really stupid compared to him. How are you? I'm good. How are you? Very well. And what's your name? My name is Liv Warfield. Liv Warfield. Yes. And tell me a little bit about you. Oh, well, I am from Chicago, Illinois. By way of Peoria, Illinois. I sing a little soul rock and roll, R&B, everything. Are you right, your own material? I do right, my own music, yes. And this is something you do full time. Oh, yes. You've done a lot of gigs. Yes. I've been on stage with the greatest in the world, friends. And also Nancy Wilson of part. I've been on a lot of stages. And I'm just glad to be here to be able to do the music and do what I love. I just want to represent that. Amazing. Thank you. So I ask every singer that's live, how are you finding the music business in general as a performer? I've been doing this for a long time. And the industry is really hard because things have changed over time. But I continue to push just because I feel like I have a story. I just want to inspire people because I haven't quit. Right. And I won't. Right. You know. Well, the great thing about having an audience is we feed off the audience. Yes. You know, that's why we have an audience. Yes. So when we feel that energy, it makes our job so much easier. So forget about us. Yes. Yes. 100%. Yes. Okay. Should we do it? Let's do it. All right. Okay. Okay. What's up? How you doing? Come on. That's a big fan. Wow. Oh my God. Who's many? Yo. Oh, there's some damage to her. Oh, there's some damage to her. Oh, there's some damage to her. Oh, there's some damage to her. Oh four. Seven more candy, pet pee- I have to choose Don't you believe I can't help everything Don't you take chances I feel pain Don't you ever want more It's all I said to free you But I could stand by the sea But then I had a big problem That wasn't long enough Seriously, that lyric record ball That's tough How I felt just then It was like being in a good way Punched in the face by your energy The band All these years of frustration And you've come on here And I'm sorry, I can't give you a yes I've got to give you one of these So what if it hurts me? So what if I break down? So what if this world just fools me off the edge We run out of ground I've got to fight I'm crazy I want to hear a voice tell Don't you ever want to play a part of me I'm just one of my friends Thank you I feel you are Just one of these I'm just one of these Thank you Thank you I'm here I'm here Overwhelmed So grateful We all do it because we love it so much We live through the music Thank you, thank you, thank you We have one more time for live, one feel Great things are going to happen after all So what if it hurts me? So what if I break down? You deserve that Thank you very much That is the very least I could do No really, we are all thinking of things Oh my god, you've just made our show great Thank you Oh, let's be you Thank you That was amazing Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh That was amazing Maya, are you sure you're 10 years old? I think so I've been your energy, your confidence, a perfect audition, amazing Thank you so much How are you? You said you're watching on YouTube, your inspiration, who inspired you? One is Adam Jones from Truth, also I'm Gary Ho, who's the guitarist of Exodus and Slayer Well, I think you just picked yourself up in viral moments Thank you so much Heidi I think you are absolutely incredible, also that you, that gutsy Everyone in this room really loved what you just did You should be very, very proud of yourself Thank you so much Thank you I was about your engagement, I tried to learn the guitar It is one of the most difficult instruments in the world So I gave up Actually, no, actually my teacher gave up on me You know, I love about this audition We just, what expect? This You were so shy and you're 10 And then you turned into like this rock goodness And you know, that is, I believe now the beginning of a career, which I always say Make noise amongst the noise and you just did that Thank you so much, please come in Hi, we're gonna start voting, I'm gonna give you your purse, yes, Salma You know it's a once Heidi, thank you Hi, you guys Good night America's looking Hello Hello Welcome So tell me the name of the group We are Lejón Yes And Argentinian Malambo Company Is this something you do full time or do you have normal jobs So we have regular jobs We teach, we are in construction, we are in hardware stores So we rehearse all week to AM Before and after our real jobs Good for you Yes, this is what we want to do for Leven So you've seen the show before, you've obviously prepared yourself Do you think you're gonna win? And what would the money mean to you? Yes, we think we're going to win this Yes And with the money, we would love to have our own studio Yeah, because all this preparation we've been doing in Fabian's Parents' backyard Oh my gosh And maybe in what are your parents' names Chiqui and Tito Chiqui and Tito Tito, and Tito So this is for Chiqui and Tito Yes, okay We're reaching to you, good luck Thank you so much Thank you I'm gonna go those guys One, two, one Oh my Oh my Oh my Oh my Oh my Oh my Oh my Oh my Oh my Oh my Oh my Oh my Oh my Oh my Yeah Oh my Oh my Oh my Oh my Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! You can feel my heat! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!這個是美女妹? We're almost lost. Good gold! We needed that. That was epic. Thank you very much. How are you? Wow, that was very exciting, very unexpected, very surprising. What are you thinking? The Malambo is life. It's everything for us. And this is a big dream for us. An incredible opportunity. Thank you so much. Finally. I don't know anything about the Malambo. This type of dance, but I was feeling every bit of it and I loved it. It was incredible. Many dancers have danced on the stage, but their feet have never been unfire. It's still hot. It's still hot, dude. It really, really was a treat. Thank you very much, Heidi. You know, this is something I genuinely can see in Vegas. I see this all over the world. I'm in the Malambo preparation and I can see how much this means to you. What I've loved about the show this year is that we're seeing acts in all over the world. And of course America, we've never seen before. And it's just the best feeling in the world when something just works like that. And it's exciting and new and real. It's brilliant. Thank you very much. So fiat. Well, I mean, I guess all the judges are so like fascinated with you guys. Because for them, this is something so different. I'm South America and I've seen these bands many times. For me, you guys have to do something spectacular. And that was spectacular. I thought it was amazing. I never seen anything like that. Thank you. And that's exactly why I am going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do it for you. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. It's going to be fair. That's what I'm going to say. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Don't be like that. I'm gonna try and watch this guy. So, you fake this all out on that one. This is exactly what we're here for. This is exactly AGT. This might change these guys' lives, and I love to be part of it. Oh. Shout out to Manchester City. Thank you very much, AGT. Absolutely brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. Really good dancing, fire, drums, whizz, everything. Amazing. Thank you, Gatzo. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Look at the microphone. Hello. Can you hear me? My name is Olive. I'm invisible. You can't see me, but I can see you. I'm standing in front of one of the judges. Oh, who? What is that? It's an angel. Oh, yeah. Sophia, please go on to the stage. Good luck, Sophia. You're gonna come with me. Sophia. Sophia. Simon. Simon. Simon, I'm a guy. Please reach inside the box and choose just one piece of paper. Don't read it yet. Just hold it in your hand and she will read your mind. Sophia. Look. Look. I'm going to tell Simon what you see. I see a house. I've almost dis-idied. The doors keep moving. The family's afraid. Simon, please open the paper you chose. What does it say? It says. The family's afraid because ghosts in their house, they're moving the doors and it was on it. How is that even possible? I have to go down. Please, remember me. I'm afraid I'm good to you. What's happening over there?