 The 10 best brothers in season 29. The 10 best brother right now is Amber. So I was extremely busy because I was moving and... Yeah, things went... kinda horribly bad. Yeah, now I'm settling and luckily seconded me a lot for this video. He told me everything about this meta and he went to work final so you can definitely trust this. Like this gadget is just so broken dude. Like the assassin used to counter Amber so hard, but this gadget just prevents any aggressive brothers going aggressive on Amber. So yeah, her attack is also kinda needs a rework in my opinion. Like, all you gotta do is hit one shot and they can't reach him. Like, what is this? The 9 best brother right now is Angelo. So I thought Angelo kinda fell off because Supercell obviously nerfed him pretty hard. But uh... yeah, pro player still think he's really good. And to be honest, he can still deal insane amount of damage on why this guy's spinning so hard maybe he knows me. Alright, nice Super by Piper on what the gadget was by Piper but we take that. This guy wiggling so much dude. Alright, can you pinch please? Okay. Now we can go well. Nice Super by Mandy and now we can just do the poison shot. Yeah, his poison shot is also kinda broken. But what makes him really broken in my opinion is this gadget. Like this gadget just watch. You just gotta click one time and you can just escape from the assassin. That's just too much for the sniper you know. I don't think there's any sniper who is an escape gadget, right? He can also like go back to water. There's so many ways to like... Escape? And that's just too much for sniper you know? Like Supercell should not make any brother who is only strengths. A brother should have some strengths and also some weakness at the same time dude. But the new brother's nowadays have only strengths. That doesn't make sense. The next best brother right now is Larry. Yeah I also thought that Larry is not top 10 anymore but yeah pro players still think it's really good. I mean thrors in general they're just kinda broken in ranked you know. Cause you know the draft, the new ballast pick. There's so many chances that you can counter with the thrower so... Oh? Yeah, Barley is not in top 10 but I think it's really good as well. Dynagrom ticks brow they all can be really useful you know? But yeah thrors are pretty good just overall in ranked. But you guys can see Larry can deal still a good amount of damage and he also has an escape ability so... Yeah not many thrors have that. Even we can score but not looking too good gotta watch out. Oh my god this gadget kinda save me from the hyper charge turret but let me see. They're kinda spun trap and we also got the Riko I think we both much better comp. You can score nice. But yeah make sure to like max out at least two thrors because they're always good. The 7's best brother right now is Cat. Yeah I hate this brother dude. He's just so annoying man. I can just try to get my super already got my super by two shot. And now I can either jump on the mag or I can just you know play aggressively but we'll see. The problem is they also got kit. Alright let me see they know where I am. I'm gonna just jump on the mag. Yeah maybe the kit if. Maybe the kit if I'm hitting more shot. But the Frank plus kit is kinda broken addger pop off. Alright I don't know what happened but we take that. Now we're gonna try to get a super yeah he's here. Dude just let it go bro. Let it go thank you. Now I got my super back and addger is a hyper charge. So you don't want to do you know addger please go aggressive please. Use your gadget I mean the hyper charge. Go. Why are you jumping on the... Alright now I can pinch the Frank got a watch out though. I'm gonna just try to get my super nice play by mag. Alright now looking too good but it's still driv2 so we should win this. Gonna just sneak in. And since I have a super I can play aggressive. Whenever I get to low HP I can just jump on the mag. Oh my god I can clutch it up. But yeah I knock out either bank kit or pick it. The sixth best broder right now is Barry. Dude why did they make this broder dude why? Like nobody can really counter Barry even mortis you know. The only thing I do is just getting shot and just put this ice cream down and just heal up and you can also you know charge your super at the same time like this is too much man this is actually too much. Like I'm playing thrower in open map he doesn't even have a good range. Which is crazy dude just watch. And now I can just immediately get my super back. Because I got to low HP so I can just regen with the ice creamy now. Maybe I can kill nope. But cool that is gonna go down bro. Haha I didn't know way. Uh this is actually pretty close though. I think man it's gonna go down. Maybe you can save him nope. Gonna just use my super what is the crow doing? Alright got to kill him crow maybe I can stay alive. Okay we are what? Cool that you got a hyper charge bro. No way dude gonna regen a bit please. Nerf Barry. Actually you don't even need to max out Larry. All you gotta do is just maxing up Barry and then you should be chilling. Like Barry can do everything you know. I'm doing so much damage dude. Um let me see. They all got a hyper charge though. Got my super back. Gonna go for cold to get a kill. And now we can just put a super in the safe. We're gonna with a bit. An escape and this is GG. And this is the 1.2 Ktrophic game. So broken. The fifth sped brother right now is mag. Yeah mag is just broken everywhere dude. We're facing Barry though. But I don't think Barry can kill mag in 1B1 especially no. So we're gonna with a bit this guy trying to get a super I think. Or maybe it's gonna just go to poison I don't even know. I saw some crazy tiktok clips where like Barry just goes into poison and just farm the super but what are you doing dude. This is what happens when you watch too much tiktok. But yeah this should be free. We can just run it down against the nanny. Yeah I don't know where this guy going. Oh yeah mag is also one of the best counter to Lily so his 100% gonna go for me. Okay he's here. What are you gonna do dude? Kill me. The fourth sped brother right now is Lily. I feel like it's possible to counter Lily with any tank but still she's insane dude. Like whenever I just get to low HP I can just use my gadget to escape. But they're a kick of the super so we gotta watch out. The biren doesn't know. Now I'm gonna use my gadget again so I can escape. You can use this gadget four times per match. That's just too much you know. Where are they going? All right gotta watch out. By the way the buster can block my super with his super so on the why you use the gadget but whatever. I'm close to my super and my super with the circle dinghy. All right he's gonna go down but there was a crazy snipe. Okay pop off. Just gonna not get hit too much. And free. But yeah Lily just good anywhere so I highly recommend. The third best brother right now is Gale. Yeah finally Gale is back which is not really a good news because if the Gale is in the meta like some stupid meta being only created on the why but that's how it works. I personally like to stun star power more because oh no I think this is a much more potential but I kind of want to show you guys the hyper charge so we're not gonna score even though I can score right now. Haha this is what the youtubers do every time. All right this is not looking good. We bait the Needabair gadget but maybe I should score my bet. Yeah it's taking time to get a hyper charge. Finally got it. Let me cook. Let me cook dude. I got my hyper charge just for this. All right whatever. The second best brother right now is Frank. Yeah Frank is broken. I mean obviously there's encounters like Colette or Gale but I can still win this. Okay we're gonna just try to get a sneaky kill with my gadget but all right means my gadget not a good start but maybe you can cook just gonna make one good play but please yes sir go go go go you super okay. Oh my god we're gonna do as much damage as you can. Yes sir we're gonna kill them cold. Add group popping off. Oh my god we got our finish here. We're gonna finish here. Why did you not okay he used a hyper charge? Yeah GG GG. Don't wait the double kill actually made us win. The best brother right now is Mr. Crap. Yeah this brother just doesn't make sense but we're facing kid though. Please oh my god there was a perfect timing. Oh my god now I'm the goat. I'm the goat but once you get a super or once you get a super token at least like there's just no way like nobody counter mag. Not the mag. Nobody countered the Mr. Crap. I almost got my gold token. Once I get my gold token this is over dude. All right we don't want to face too much super but I kind of did. All right please please. I almost messed up but I made a video that I pushed to rank 35 Clancy with only random so you better watch the video. We're kind of getting trapped. Oh my god this super just goodbye with the goat. Yeah definitely makes that Mr. Crap you know like super sell releasing the most broken brother again.